
Sent: Dienstag, 16. Mai 2023 17:04
To: Marcel.Muster@yahoo.fr
Subject: wgzimmer.ch – Kontaktanfrage | Lingjuan Li
Name: Lingjuan Li  
Hallo 
Lingjuan Li hat auf dein Inserat geantwortet. 
Dein Inserat  
iOS APP: https://wgzimmer.ch/view  
WEB  
Name: Lingjuan Li 
 
Um die Person zu kontaktieren kannst du auf diese E-Mail antworten oder die Person 
direkt anschreiben: LiJi123456789@gmail.com 
LiJi123456789@gmail.com: Ist diese Email Adresse in unserer Scam Datenbank? Hier 
prüfen: 
https://www.wgzimmer.ch/en/wgzimmer/check-scam-
mail.html?email=LiJi123456789@gmail.com  
 
Telefon: +86 123456789  
Nachricht: Dear Mr. Marcel Muster,  
 
 
 
Greetings from China ！ 你好（same meaning as ‘Hello’ ）！  
 
I am Lingjuan Li, a Chinese undergraduate who expects to start my CS master's study at 
ETH this autumn. And I’d appreciate it if you could spend some time going through my 
cover letter.  
 
I will arrive in Zurich on 31st August and wonder whether I can rent this room. I am 
delighted to rent this room starting in July or August and am open to further discussion.  
 
 
 
Why I believe I am an ideal candidate for your room:  
 
 I have lived in school accommodation from junior school to university (About 10 years!), I 
know how to respect and get along well with others and create a good living environment together. I am responsible for the sanitation of the dormitory in high school and university.  
 
 I used to be a game development intern in Hangzhou, where I rented a house for three 
months. I can fulfill the obligations of a tenant and take good care of the facilities of the 
house.  
 
 I do not smoke.  
 
 
 
Why I want to rent your room/house in Zurich:  
 
 Nice location: 17mins to ETH center  
 
 The room is furnished with a bed, mattress, wardrobe, table and chair.  
 
 Expect to make good friends from different cultural backgrounds and join a friendly 
community  
 
 
 
More Information About Me:  
 
 I am a Chinese, English, and Japanese speaker, and I am learning Germany right now!  
 
 I'm an amateur photographer and painter (sorry I can’t send any images on this website)  
 
 I like to travel and try local food and visit local museums and pedestrian streets. Can't 
wait to visit Zurich and European cities.  
 
 I love to make Chinese dishes and want to share them with you guys in the communal 
kitchen!  
 
 I am an NBA fan and love workout and hiking.  
 
 Willing to join most of the activities and parties.  
