
Sent: Dienstag, 16. Mai 2023 16:16
To: Marcel.Muster@yahoo.fr
Subject: wgzimmer.ch – Kontaktanfrage | Marcel Muster
Name: Marcel Muster  
Hallo 
Marcel Muster hat auf dein Inserat geantwortet. 
Dein Inserat  
iOS APP: https://wgzimmer.ch/view  
WEB  
Name: Marcel Muster 
 
Um die Person zu kontaktieren kannst du auf diese E-Mail antworten oder die Person 
direkt anschreiben: WarosoLuigi@gmail.com 
WarosoLuigi@gmail.com: Ist diese Email Adresse in unserer Scam Datenbank? Hier 
prüfen: 
https://www.wgzimmer.ch/it/wgzimmer/check-scam-
mail.html?email=WarosoLuigi@gmail.com  
 
Telefon: +39 1231231237  
Nachricht: For Marcel Muster  
 
 
 
Hi Marcel, Andre, Peter and Sarah,  
 
I’m Waroso Luigi, I’m 21 years old and I’m from Rome :)  
 
 
 
I saw you have a room available in your apartment and I'm interested, the house looks 
really nice and the view is amazing! I am an incoming master's student in Computer 
Science at ETH, so I am looking for a room long-term I am very friendly, I enjoy cooking 
Italian food (especially Roman dishes), spending time with friends, meeting new people 
and exploring new places. I also like sports, right now I'm really into climbing but I 
practiced and occasionally practice other sports like skiing, snowboarding, tennis, padel 
and swimming. Generally, I am really looking forward to practicing mountain sports in the 
swiss alps! I don't use a bike that much in Rome since people drive in a really chaotic way 
but I see myself biking Zurich.  
  
 
Generally, I like to pick up new things and waste lots of time becoming decent at them: in 
this way, I became passionate about chess and also about poker. I’m also quiet and clean. 
I speak English, Italian and Spanish.  
 
 
 
Ich spreche auch Deutsch, bin aber etwas eingerostet, aber ich möchte wieder gut 
Deutsch sprechen. Wenn Sie mir helfen wollen, biete ich im Gegenzug 
Italienischunterricht an  
 
(I used google translate but I swear I have a B1 language certificate somewhere :)  
 
 
 
I enjoy chatting with my flatmates and socializing with them, I would be more than happy 
to cook you guys my best carbonara! Of course I am also very respectful of personal 
space and silence.  
 
 
 
I think I could be a great fit for what you’re looking for! I’d be happy to be considered and 
to schedule a video call to get to know each other better!  
 
 
 
I would come in by early/mid-september but we could arrange something for the previous 
months if needed.  
 
 
 
For some other apartments, I was requested to attach a link with photos of me so it costs 
me nothing to link it to you too!  
 
link to google drive with some photos:  
 
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/Redacted12345678?usp=sharin
g  
 
 
 
Looking forward to meet you!  
 
 
 
P.S.  
 
Please let me know something either via whatsapp, mail or other platforms, even if you 
really dislike me as a person and would never consider me as a flatmate: knowing that someone is reading my emails could really bring some (much-needed) hope in my house 
search!  
 
 
 
Thanks in advance for your response.  
 
 
 
You can contact me on Instagram, Whatsapp or Telegram if you have any questions:  
 
Instagram: @WarosoLuigi  
 
telegram: @WarosoLuigi  
 
Whatsapp: +39 1231231237  
 
 
 
Waroso  
